WCAG 2.2 guidance updates (#3090)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/patterns/check-answers/index.md

You should provide a ‘Change’ link next to each section on your check answers page so that users can add or change the information. 'Change' links contain hidden text to make them accessible to screen reader users. Update the hidden text to describe what each 'change' link is for.

> <strong class="govuk-tag govuk-tag--grey">WCAG 2.2</strong> If a user decides to go back to a previous answer, make sure information they have already entered is pre-populated.

Author: ```suggestion
<strong class="govuk-tag govuk-tag--grey">WCAG 2.2</strong> If a user decides to go back to a previous answer, make sure information they've already entered is pre-populated.
```
